Blame me.
.
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow.
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow flow.
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow its raw raw.
.
You looking at the grand wizard war lord vocal chord so vicious.
And I dont have to show riches to pull up pull off with some bad bitches.
And it aint about chivalry.
Its about dope lyrics and delivery.
Its about my persona aint nothing like a man that can do what he wanna.
Aint nothing like man on that you knew on the corner.
See em come up and fuck up the owner.
See em throw up Westside California.
Nigga Im hot as Phoenix Arizona.
Im Utah I got multiple bitches.
Its a new law keep a hold of yo riches.
Dumb nigga dont spend it as soon as you get it.
And recognize Im a captain and you a lieutenant.
.
I can say what I want to say aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I call you a nigga aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
I can act like an animal aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I eat you like a cannibal aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
.
Im raw as a dirty needle.
Choke an eagle.
Just to feed all my people.
Lyrically Im so lethal.
Plant thoughts in they mind just to defeat you.
Ice Cube is a saga yall spit saliva.
And I spit lava.
I got the fearless flow.
Dont get near this ho.
If you sacred to go.
I keep it gangsta and why should change that.
Fuck you old motherfuckers tryin to change rap.
But arent you the same cat that sat back when they brought cocaine back.
Im tryin to get me a Maybach.
How you motherfuckers gonna tell me dont say that.
You the ones that we learned it from.
I heard nigga back in .
.
So if I act like a pimp aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I call you a nappy headed ho aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I shoot up your college aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I rob you of knowledge aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
.
Thank God when I bless the mic.
You finally get to hear the shit that you like.
A nigga talkin bout real life so you can try to get this shit right.
Use your brain not your back use your brain not a gat.
Its a party not a jack.
Dont be scared of them people.
Walk up in there and show them that you equal.
Dont be material a nigga grew up on milk and cereal.
I never forgot Van Ness and imperial.
Look at my life Ice Cube is a miracle.
It could be you if you was this lyrical.
It could be her if she was this spiritual.
Cause me and Allah go back like cronies.
I dont got to be fake cause he is my homie.
.
If I sell a litle crack aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I die in Iraq aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I take you for granted aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
If I fuck up the planet aint nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it.
.
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow.
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow flow.
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow its raw raw.
.
Oh yeah and another thing.
For all ya niggas that dont do gangsta rap.
Dont get on TV talkin about gangsta rap.
Cause  times at a  you dont know the fuck you talk about.
Talk about that bullshit rap you do.
Stay the fuck out of mines.
.